Do you practice basketball every day after school?
Yes, I do.
I'm on the basketball varsity team.
I like basketball, but I can't play it every day.
I am worried about my grades.
I have many exams.
I play basketball every day and I also worry about my grades.
Really?
Yes.  I can only read and prepare for exams at night.
I don't have time to watch TV.
I also don't have time to play video games.
Wow, that must be hard work.
Are you enjoying your life?
Of course.  Basketball is my life.
So what do you do on weekends?
I read and watch basketball games with my friends.
Me too.
Hey!  I have two tickets to the basketball game this Sunday.
Let's go together.
Well, how much are the tickets?
It's two hundred dollars.
Do not worry.  Count me.
So cool!  Thanks.